# Overview

This is a repository for my work on the project for my Practicum II course, as a part of MSDA program at UTSA.  
This is an exploratory analysis regarding crime in Austin. I hope to gather insights about the trends of criminal activity that takes place within the city. Being this is intended as an exploratory analysis, there is not necessarily any particular goal or hypothesis I am looking to prove, however I would like this analysis to look at things like crime in relation to time, severity of crime and how it changes, and likely take things like location into consideration.


# Template structure and content

The project has a folder structure intended to organize the work for easier understanding and reproducibility. The following is a brief description of the contents. See the `readme` files in each folder for more details.


* The `assets` folder contains static assets like manually generated schematics/diagrams, bibtex files, csl style files, PDFs of references, and other such content. These assets are not code-based and are not generated by code.

* Code can be found in the `code` folder and subfolders. Code for things like cleaning the data, exploratory work, and statistical analysis will be found here.

* All data goes into the `data` folder and subfolders. The `raw-dataset` folder contains the raw data from the source, and the `processed-data` folder contains data after cleaning. 

* The `products` folder and its subfolders contain the deliverables, primarily the manuscript/report, however I may also include things like presentations and even shiny app if the analysis goes that direction.
  - The  `manuscript` subfolder contains the report written with a Quarto file.
  - The `slides` subfolder would contain the slides made with Quarto.


* The `results` folder contains automatically/code generated output. This includes figures, tables saved as serialized R data (`.Rds`) files, computed values and other outputs.

* Static outputs/ figures would be located in the assets folder. Primarily this is the codebook at the moment.